---
title: "Pilot | Abhisek Ganguly"
layout: post
---

Hello reader, Welcome to my personal website. Here I journal my developer journay and also showcase my projects for all to see.
I'm so excited so share my learning journey with people online, but first let me introduce myself to those who don't know me.
My name is Abhisek Ganguly and I'm an engineering student at VIT Bhopal University with major in Computer Science. My specialization in computataional and data science. If you want to know more about me, you should checkout my [about page][about-page].
I love computers, I've been using them since 9 as an espace from reality and play games. It was when I was 12 years old, I wanted to make my own games. Thus, I started learning to code. I made my first ever flash game in which the player had to click on falling balls and pop it. It wasn't much, but it was honest work ;)
I will try to write a blog each week and bring some of my experience to the table for all the fellow developers. And not only technical, sometimes I might sway away a little and write something entirely different and non-technical, something that maybe a broad audience can relate to and get help from. But whatever I write, it'll be ultimately me sharing my thoughts, knowledge, experience and some secrets for you reader, who take their time out from busy schedule to know something new, something amazing.
This was all for today. if you want, you can connect with me online through [mail][email-address].
Thank you for reading this far. I hope you'll share it and spread the words.


{% highlight ruby %}
def print_hi(name)
  print("Hi", name)
  print("Thank you for checking my page out!")
end
print_hi('Visitor')
#=> prints 'Hi, Visitor' to STDOUT.
{% endhighlight %}

Check out the [Jekyll docs][jekyll-docs] for more info on how to get the most out of Jekyll. File all bugs/feature requests at [Jekyll’s GitHub repo][jekyll-gh]. If you have questions, you can ask them on [Jekyll Talk][jekyll-talk].

[jekyll-docs]: http://jekyllrb.com/docs/home
[jekyll-gh]:   https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll
[jekyll-talk]: https://talk.jekyllrb.com/
[about-page]: https://abhisekganguly.netlify.app
[email-address]: mailto:abhisekganguly@icloud.com
